is it a pyramid scheme Easy Money the
next hot thing in marketing what is
going on with Master reselling rights
are you gonna do Master resell right
you've already seen this master resale
rights quick Master resale right Master
resell right Master resale right Master
resale right an update for master resell
right out mastering Master resale rights
about master resale rights on this
master resell right Road route to riches
course with Master resale rights hey
thanks so much for joining us here today
on build your tribe where today we're
gonna dig into like this craze that is
sweeping social media right now Master
reselling rights what is it is it legal
our thoughts we've actually bought the
courses and gone through it we've been
doing our deep dive a lot of research
over the last week and we're excited to
share our thoughts with you this is of
course sold with Master reselling rights
which is a type of right that you can
resell things with they started calling
the course by that name instead of
recognizing that the course has a name
and this is the type of marketing that
you're using to sell it very confusing
we're here to break it all down for you
why because between the two of us we've
been in the space of online marketing
for more than 20 years all right let's
get to it
well first of all I started getting
questions from people in my DMs like
because obviously we talk about creating
additional streams of income all the
time and people started dming me and
saying what do you think about master
reselling rights and I think there was a
lot of confusion for me anyways because
I'm like that's a generic term just like
affiliate marketing is a generic term or
multi-level marketing or direct sales
these are just terms for different kinds
of marketing but I think where a lot of
the confusion stems from is people are
using this term in referring to an
action that they're taking with short
and certain courses in certain online
products yeah and this kind of really
speaks to the problem because we're
gonna we're gonna go over the pros and
the cons and trust me there are some of
both and this is our opinion that's all
but I will say that part of the problem
is that people who are selling this
course really have no formal training
whatsoever a lot of them in in marketing
well and frankly there are people who
sell fitness programs and supplements
who have no nutritional background or no
Health coaching background but I think
one of the problems is because this is
of course sold with Master reselling
rights which is a type of right that you
can resell things with they started
calling the course by that name instead
of recognizing that the course has a
name and this is the type of marketing
that you're using to sell it very
confusing we're here to break it all
down for you why because
well between the two of us we've been in
the space of online marketing for more
than 20 years combined myself obviously
longer than this one but I have been in
the reselling of Rights including
intellectual property rights rights to
my programs rights to products I've
purchased rights to to private label and
I mean so there's there's so much to be
broken down in terms of the marketing
and I think that's where we should first
start with is the terms so let's start
with that very first term the one that
that's in the title of this video what
is Master reseller rights Master
reselling rights is when you take
something that's been created like maybe
it's a fitness program or a digital
course an ebook and you create it and
you sell it to someone I could I could
create an ebook sell it to Brock and I
say Brock I'm giving you master
reselling rights which means not only am
I selling it to you but I'm giving you
the right to resell it so you know it's
something that obviously I've sold my
own intellectual property rights with
Master reselling rights it's I'm sure
most of you are familiar with other
forms terms of marketing like private
label rights a lot of influencers when
they they don't have the capital to
start their own makeup line it's not
their expertise yet they have a
following that wants to buy makeup from
them so they will partner with a company
that's already produced and formulated
the products and they can then label it
private label it with their own brand
logo Etc and sell it and other terms
that I think you'll hear people say mrr
and that's a term that again people say
what do I think what do you think about
mrr and I would say I love it because
mrr is a term that you know you use in
the industry that means monthly
recurring Revenue so I'm like yeah I
love mrr I love monthly recurring
Revenue not knowing that people are
talking about a specific course another
term that's really commonly heard is
white label rights white label rights
again is very common you will see people
who've created a product and then you
get to put your own brand ending on it
and you can sell it as if you're not
selling that item as though you
manufactured it but you're you have the
ability to put your own logo on it right
and then another term that's being
thrown around is just resale rights
which is basically the ability to then
have the right to take and resell
something so if I sell you a course you
can go then resell that course but the
difference with Master resale rights
from my understanding is that you can
then kind of put your own spin on it you
can tweak things or tweak how it's sold
yeah even two accounts sold well but you
can with any of these yeah you can tweak
the way anything's sold I think here's
the biggest distinction I would make so
we for a while were manufacturing
supplements Pro with private label
rights so I went obviously I don't know
how to formulate supplements so I
researched and found a company that I
really thought they were the basically
the gold standard when it came to
supplements we went to them and
negotiated the right to take their
supplements and private label them that
gave me the right to sell them with my
branding on it for phase it up but it
didn't give me master reselling rights
in other words I couldn't buy I couldn't
get those supplements and then allow you
to sell them to someone else and this
person is selling to someone else with
Master reselling rights you can create a
course and you can say Okay anyone who
wants to resell this you can resell it
as your own and that's the difference
Bottom Line This is it's nothing new
it's not a New Concept but I think
there's some I have to say that the
folks who are behind this one at least
it seems like it's on our radar have
really done a remarkable job of creating
this buzz and Community around a course
that people are are reselling using
Master reselling rights and it's blowing
up in social media this particular
program is the one that today we said we
were going to review because we've had
just an influx of people asking like and
I don't know about you again this is not
our opinion it's just what people people
are saying chalene I don't know this
feels really weird it feels really
scammy is this a scam like that's the
number one question I keep getting is is
this a scam yeah what I hear is is it
too good to be true and a lot of people
are saying like it sounds too good to be
true is it actually too good to be true
and there's that old cliche expression
if it sounds too good to be true it
usually is that kind of holds up here
but we'll get into that let's talk about
first uh what we have discovered because
you know we wanted to do our research
and to come to you with an unbiased
opinion although I just have to say it's
it's kind of hard to be unbiased when
we've been in this industry you know I
personally been in this industry for so
like before it was even digital like the
reselling of Rights if you will so we
did some research to figure out okay
who's behind the course their names are
Zach and Hannah Pippins they claim to
have or they say on their website that
they have extensive experience online in
one of the videos I watched Hannah says
that they owned a construction company
then they did lots of different things
to make money online affiliate marketing
network marketing didn't love doing
those things didn't love that they
didn't have something of their own to to
sell so apparently they decided to
create a marketing course
as their own and then Market it with
Master reselling rights oh hold on
before we go much further if you've
watched this video to this point I just
want to mention we get so many great
views from people who are searching for
the topics but they forget to subscribe
so I'd like to ask a favor of you right
now if this has been interesting if
you'd like follow-up content in if you
find any of this very interesting and
helpful to you we'd love to ask you to
subscribe and make sure you turn on that
notification bell based on our research
the original Founders created the course
and they gave it its own name road to
riches however when they give you master
reselling rights then you are able as
the person who purchased the course for
4.97 to take it put your own branding
around so it looks like you created it
and you can name it whatever you want
and that's one of the real attraction
pieces of this is that people feel like
now I have something that has my
branding or it has my name on it and I
can sell it as my own one of the real
challenges that a lot of people face
when they're trying to make money online
is either they end up selling something
that someone else has created like maybe
in direct sales network marketing or
affiliate marketing or they have to bear
the weight and the burden and the stress
and the frustration and all the
challenges that come with building your
own thing whether it's a physical
product or a digital product and so what
Master resell rights basically gives you
is a quick and easy way to make it look
like hey I created this thing this is my
course that I made yeah and to be honest
or to be fair I should say most of the
people I've seen marketing it haven't
been saying like I created this course
and that's I think the reason why people
are like is this a scam because the way
people are marketing it feels like hey
come over to my house bring the thousand
dollars and then eight other people
bring a thousand dollars and then you're
gonna make eight thousand dollars like
it feels you know like my mother-in-law
was just here and she was telling us
about this time in the 80s when there
were two weeks in a row that she made
eight thousand dollars as stay-at-home
mom because all of her girlfriends would
get together and this is in like
Southern California and they would all
bring a thousand dollars to like a
dinner party and you know it was like it
was the original pyramid scheme right
and she brought her a thousand dollars
because she got invited to this dinner
party then she and she made it eight
thousand dollars like the next week and
then she made another eight thousand
dollars and then eventually they became
like everyone knew about it you didn't
know about this no I wasn't alive yeah I
know well I didn't hear her tell the
story tonight so it's kind of an
interesting story because she said back
then it became so popular like and there
wasn't social media she said the
restaurants were empty because everyone
was doing this and everyone was making
money
but they're obviously
eventually someone's not going to make
money eventually that becomes saturated
and there's nothing after that you came
to the party and now no one you know you
just gave your thousand dollars but now
your party doesn't anyways I'm not
suggesting that this is a you know a
pyramid scheme at all it's not it's a
legitimate form of marketing but what we
want to discuss is does it make sense
and why do people feel like it's a scam
yeah
um because I know when I watch the
videos I'm like because people are
marketing it like this I just bought
this course for 4.97 on digital
marketing last night and an hour later
I've already made my 497 back plus four
more sales I'm like so you're then
you're marketing something you haven't
even you haven't even gone into it you
haven't even looked at it and you're
marketing something that you don't have
any expertise in that area
I think there's a problem and I think
what people are getting drawn into is
what you keep hearing especially in all
of the tick tocks and in in all of the
videos and all the promotions of this
what you often hear is you can make 100
profit that's like the catchphrase 100
profit and yes if I buy a water bottle
for eight dollars and I sell it to you
for eight dollars I've just made back my
initial investment and then I can keep
selling it and keep making more I can
now sell it yeah you can now sell it or
if I can you know imagine it was a
digital product and I had Unlimited
Supply I could then keep selling it but
that's really all that's going on here
and so when people are like I've already
made back my initial investment that
means that you bought the course and
then now you sold it to one other person
but to your point oftentimes one of the
other key selling points is I already
made back my investment in 24 hours yeah
or I've already made this much money in
one week and our question is or our
concern is
how well do you really know the course
how well do you really know the product
that you're selling how invested and how
authentic is it or is it just kind of a
hey I spent a hundred dollars on this
and I'm gonna get a bunch of other
people to spend a hundred dollars on
this and so then I can make money but
then they're going to get a bunch of
other people to spend 100 on this so
then they can make money so we're really
not ever actually learning anything
we're just eventually like you said
we're gonna run out of people who are
making money from this I'm gonna say
this maybe maybe not right I'm I'm gonna
say probably I'm gonna I'm gonna tell
you and we have different opinions on
this I will say I think it's a brilliant
idea from the founders I think it's it's
a fantastic idea on their behalf how are
they making money how are they making
money if people are buying it from them
well certainly they only had to make it
once so they're going to make all those
sales but why don't they want all the
sales to come to them like why are they
allowing other people to make maybe
potentially even more money than they
did on the initial sales right well
there are links inside the course so if
you set up the course to exist on your
on your own on its own platform then
they would get an affiliate fee for that
platform so like web hosting and now
listen I purchased the course and I've
gone through several of the modules
and I'm just not in a position to
evaluate how do I say this I'm in a
position but I'm going to choose not to
evaluate the content
but I will say I've watched way too many
videos from people who said this is an
amazing course I bought it last night
I'm like there's it's impossible for you
to have gone through it or to apply
these principles so really what's
brilliant about though is that I think a
lot of people don't know what to sell
and they don't have a something to sell
and you know maybe they've been in
network Market especially for Network
marketers Network marketers have jumped
all over this because they're like I
want something on my own so it really
does kind of illuminate I think some
problems in the online space where a lot
of people just don't even know what to
sell they don't know how to create
something of their own so let's talk
about some of the pros and cons some of
the pros include um well it's a minimal
investment I mean depending on I mean
that's relative right but it's less than
500 compared to a lot of other online
marketing courses that are you know tens
of thousands of dollars five hundred
dollars is not that much for someone
who's been in network marketing I feel
like it takes a while sometimes to get
established to learn all the products
they always tell you to be a product of
the product so obviously people aren't
even learning about the product I mean
enough to be able to sell it but they're
not going into it the way that I think
in for those who are in network
marketing or affiliate marketing part of
your credibility is
as an affiliate marketer I've used this
it's great or I am a product of the
product and so that's why I feel
comfortable representing this network
marketing organization
I think another Pro is uh that there's
no real pressure to sell anything after
that one-time investment I mean like
from your upline yeah like there's no
pressure like you're not paying a
reoccurring fee there's no time limit
there's no pressure from like an upline
in network marketing or anything like
that it's the only real pressure would
be like if you want to recoup that
initial investment yeah that would be
the only pressure to then sell it but
then if you sell it one time you've
recouped that investment it is 100
profit right so other than your hosting
which again you can choose to keep it
hosted on their platform but if but if
you do choose to Brand It Yourself
create your own website you know there's
very minimal cost but there are some
costs especially but I think that's a
pro another Pro is you could buy it just
to learn about digital marketing I will
say in my professional opinion you're
going to learn about digital marketing
like the social media modules Etc I mean
just the modules that I've seen I think
they were informative but I I don't know
that it at least what I've consumed thus
far that it really teaches you the way
the way that I would want it to be
taught the way that I you know pride
myself in teaching our students but
again you don't have to sell it so
there's minimal investment you don't
have to create it it gives you something
to sell and it also walks you through
how to sell it it's kind of like a
course that's basically teaching you how
to sell itself and that's one of the
pros is that then you don't have to then
you know also figure out how to sell it
it's quite literally teaching you as you
learn how to sell itself I think what
the reason why this is like super
interesting to me is is like I'm not
worried about you know competition Etc
but I think a lot of people are really
worried like a lot of friends in network
marketing who are like what is this I
have a lot of people in the digital
online space who are like this is scary
that now all these people are claiming
that they're you know digital marketing
Masters and the other reason why it's
kind of interesting to me is because I
like the concept I like the concept I
like this concept of creating something
for people and giving them the rights
the master reselling rights but just
because a concept makes sense doesn't
mean that it can that it's always
applied in a way
that helps people or that's ethical or
that people aren't going to get scammy
with it like any industry there are
scammers in you know whether it's
affiliate marketing or medical sales or
the church like there are people who go
like oh wow there's money to be made and
they scam people yeah so with that being
said let's talk about some of the other
cons one of them that I think first and
foremost is is it's it's a one and done
so what I mean by that is it's a course
that when you buy it and you finish it
let's say like you buy it from me then
you're done you're not I don't have
anything else to buy from you yeah you
don't have anything else to buy for me
you're not a recurring customer yeah
yeah you're not coming back for more
there's no customer Journey there's no
what happens next at least that's built
in I could then like make my own course
or offer my own coaching on top of the
course but at least what it how it
initially stands is is just the initial
course and yeah then you're done and I
would say that that's not necessarily a
con that's the or a negative of that the
creators developed like I I think that
is a a detrimental way that people are
marketing it like they the people who
created it again I think it's a
brilliant idea but I think if you're
just buying it and then just reselling
it you're not like how are you creating
a sustainable business you're not
creating a customer Journey if digital
marketing is not your jam is not your
expertise if you've never freaking
created or sold anything yourself as a
digital marketer it's just
I just don't think that's a wise
incredible way to position yourself
arguably that's kind of the con of uh
Master reselling rights as a whole
especially for any sort of educational
product or any you know quick fix
product or I'm going to help you solve
this problem product is that if I'm
buying the master resale rights and then
reselling it well then I better also buy
the master resell rights to okay well
then what happens after I fix that
problem yeah what's the next step and I
you know better keep buying a bunch of
other Master reselling rights which a
lot of people do so for for example if
you just look up the term Master
reselling rights somebody a long time
ago long before this course that we're
talking about today was established
bought that domain Master reselling
rights and it's just a domain site where
you learn about what what Master
reselling rights are Master resong
rights like I said is is is you know 20
years old ever since the computer was
invented and there are lots of different
people who that's the business they just
keep reselling things like ebooks and
digital courses Etc I I think another
Khan for the not again this is not about
the people who created it this is about
the people this is what you need to
think about if you're considering
investing in this is you've got to
consider like what's what is your angle
long term what happens if and you got to
think about this someone's like wait a
second I'm going to go through this
course I'm going to re take this
information I'm going to make it my own
I'm going to chat GPT it I'm going to
re-record all these lessons in my own
voice and I'm going to sell my own
digital marketing course which this
happens all the time our programs all
the time people buy they buy them to
learn and burn meaning they buy them to
recreate them to take our information
plagiarize it re-record it and it's it's
literally such a problem it's not even
worth policing and then offer it at a
lower price well that very same thing
could happen here someone takes that
course re-records it and now they're
saying hey I'm going to give you master
reselling rights but at 97 dollars
and now you're you're it's like you're
competing your way to the bottom I mean
that could happen also you're selling
something that someone else created it's
not something that you necessarily
created you might be able to put your
own branding on it right but at the end
of the day someone else created it and
so that opens the door to a lot of other
issues speaking of like credibility or
expertise because ultimately you're
selling something as if it's your own
yep but it's all someone else's
credibility and expertise the end of the
day that's actually doing the teaching
inside the course yeah you know and if
I'm just gonna play devil's advocate for
a moment how is that different I guess
than somebody you know selling the
rights to watch my exercise like so
there is a network marketing company
that they sell Fitness videos right and
then their distributors or not videos
whatever digital workouts and they're
Distributors what they're doing is
selling access to watch those and they
didn't create them
and they aren't necessarily health and
fitness experts I think the difference
what I would say encounter to that is
the only difference is they're not
selling it as their own right they're
they're selling it they might talk about
what it did for them which is I think
what a lot of as you said earlier a lot
of people who are promoting this course
or who are just talking about master
reselling rights online right now
they're doing it in that way they're
saying like hey someone else made this
someone else created this which is I
think probably the more ethical or more
credible way to go about things rather
than completely rebranding it selling it
as your own but someone else created it
yes
um but also another thing we have to
talk about is you still have to sell it
so if you're someone who has a
critically small social media audience
or you struggle to get engagement or you
hate social media or you just suck at
selling online and that's your reason
for not doing affiliate marketing or for
getting frustrated with network
marketing or direct sales you're like I
just I hate selling well this is still
something you have to sell yeah yeah I'm
conflicted you know I because I I think
it's great for some people well I mean
there are people people who are probably
not making it up they probably actually
are making good money oh yeah making
lots of money five six figures in a
short amount of time online right now
like that's that's valid and for those
people we're not trying to rain on their
parade I don't know who what they're
doing we're just trying to as you said
earlier speak to the person who is about
to jump in about to jump in you're not
sure you're hearing a lot of hype and
Buzz online and you're feeling that fomo
like you're missing out and like you
just need to do this because this is
another thing that you're missing out on
and and honestly to me the whole Master
reselling writes things and The Craze
around it feels a little bit like nfts
to me it feels a little bit like nfts
where it's like which is legitimate it's
legitimate and some people are living on
their private islands right now thanks
to their nfts yeah yeah I think that's a
good analogy because first of all we're
not saying it's not it is legitimate
it's not a scam and neither are nfts but
do the wrong people get inspired to go
crazy because of that fear of missing
out because they feel like this is you
know hitting the lotto and if I don't
jump in into this and do this right now
then I'm gonna miss out and everyone
else is going to be you know breaking in
the dough our objective is to help you
understand
like think Beyond unless you like
urgently need cash overnight like okay
then you know do what you need to do go
on only fans just joking but I think
it's more important to think long term
branding yourself your credibility
because like you said if I have a small
social media following and I've heard
somebody say like oh just buy this
course and then you can resell it
tomorrow and the selling point is not
the course is so amazing the selling
point is that you can resell it you know
what I mean for most of the people I've
seen marketing it and then you're
talking people into to buying it who
have a very small social media following
and once they've sold it to those people
now you're not you're done right like
you've tapped out your audience so now
you got to pick something else to sell
and what happens to your credibility you
know yeah so it's it's it's right for
some it's not right for all in my
opinion I I think you need to do your
research I think I have seen a lot of
people who have Stellar reputations
jumping into this
and I'm like wow
wow huh
and that's what's really giving me pause
like some like really great credible
people who've always like always stayed
true to their brand and and I know that
they haven't gone through the program
I'm like this this is this is peculiar I
think it's a fomo yeah I think it and I
think one of the pros and cons is that
it's hot right now yeah so Pro it's hot
right now everyone's talking about it
everyone's looking it up everyone's
making videos about it and so then if
you buy it and you go to resell it it's
hot right now and so everyone is gonna
buy it from you because they have that
fomo but also con it's hot right now
which means that it's not gonna be hot
for long most likely it's something like
any internet Trend or any fad that blows
up the faster something blows up
oftentimes the faster it deflates as
well and so because it's so hot right
now it's quickly becoming very saturated
and it's quickly becoming something
where people are tapping out their
markets and they're tapping out their
audiences and it's getting distributed
and sold to so many people that the
longer you wait the more this uh this
hot streak kind of sizzles out that's
one possible scenario another possible
scenario is that other online marketers
maybe people who have been there longer
consider to and have courses like we've
so many courses could we give people
Master reselling rights would we want to
do that like our other digital marketers
people have like legitimately been in
the space for a long time know what
they're talking about have courses like
we have courses that have tens of
thousands of people in them and we've
been doing it for more than 12 years so
we've got the chops we've got the you
know programs that have proven to help
people by following those programs make
six seven figures will other people who
are course creators will they go like
hey
maybe I need to give people Master
reselling rights are we is it possible
we might see a lot of this I think so I
think that's very possible and very
likely and I think I would even argue
that that's beneficial because then it's
not right now which it primarily is one
course that is just being passed around
for everyone and so there's no diversity
of knowledge there's no specificity
within offers to audiences instead I
think if it starts getting more
Diversified and you have a lot of other
courses creators and and online you know
Educators who are allowing Master resale
rights to be a part of their offering
that will overall improve the market
yeah that's another okay so one thing we
did not discuss is the terms and
conditions of using someone's program
this master reselling rights so if I
were to give you master reselling rights
to one of my courses I would also be
able to tell you how you were able to or
not able to modify the program and in
most instances people who give Master
reselling rights usually in fact with
this one when I purchased it it said I
did not have the right to modify the
content in any way although I could
Market it and brand it as my own but I
couldn't change any of the content so
the the voice in the modules is all so
far and you know the contents laid out
as the contents laid out also you can
sell it for more than 4.97 which is how
much the cost of at least this one that
we're mostly talking about that's mostly
blowing up 497. you can add your own
bonuses your own Community but then the
only other restriction that they have is
you're not allowed to sell it on auction
websites so like you can't go sell it on
eBay and allow people to like bid for it
yeah because you chase that number down
you know like we talked about earlier I
think that's really interesting those
parameters around that and again you
know when you sell some for me anyways
anything that I recommend anything that
I sell any sponsors that we have on the
show I feel like my reputation is
attached to those things that's why so
I've gotten rid of sponsors before but
just because I'm like I'm not happy with
the way this company is going with their
customer service I and I don't feel
comfortable putting my name behind it so
you have to remember that like you're
you're putting your name behind any
program that you whether it's you know
roads to riches or whatever someone's
titled it or or not but it also made me
think what if uh people buy the road to
riches course then they're selling their
whatever thousand dollar course and they
say with it you get
Rosa riches like I mean there it'll be
interesting to see if this is just like
you said
um a blip or if it turns in you know it
it snowballs into other people other
digital marketers chasing down the price
I don't know it's interesting and and I
think a lot of this is happening because
of AI yeah
because it's so easy for people to
create courses today it is so easy to
create digital products
and it's so easy to and I'm not please
hear me clearly I'm not in any way shape
or form suggesting that this course is
is has any plagiarized content but we
certainly know that people are
plagiarizing other people's courses like
crazy because because of AI like AI is
kind of scary I mean it's awesome in
many regards but it's going to change
the landscape a lot and like I said when
there's money to be made people lose
sight of their ethics yeah and so that's
what I would encourage everyone I don't
care if it's Master reseller rights I
don't care if it's the specific course I
don't care if you're gonna go sell
lollipops at your you know local craft
fair take the time lollipops at a craft
fair yeah well it's a niche market it's
an opportunity not many people know
about it's the next big thing you'll
hear about it on Tick Tock soon but I
think like you know all jokes aside take
your time be patient as we said
oftentimes when things seem too good to
be true it's because they are too good
to be true not always but oftentimes so
take your time to do the research
research not just into to you know how
much money are people making but reviews
what are people saying about the actual
course content not just the ability to
resell these things Research into the
people who are instructing your courses
I mean there's a reason why before we
sell any of our courses we make sure
people know our credibility and why they
should listen to what we have to say or
hear what our advice is and The
credibility of the experts that we put
in all of our programs like despite the
I mean I've sold physical products
digital products certifications engine
you know books licensing franchises you
name it I've been I'm on this planet
long enough to have done it all but
nonetheless I I don't pretend to be the
only expert that's why in our programs
we always have like the expert in each
and every area like the expert in email
marketing the expert to teach landing
pages and all those things I I think are
you know it's it's why not all programs
are created equal and that's why I've
got to do your research and just don't
be blinded by fast quick easy money so
that being said is Master reselling
rights a scam in summary no no are there
people jumping in and marketing it in a
scammy way in our opinion yes we'd love
to know what you think again this is
just our opinions and you are entitled
to yours we see lots of pros and cons I
I you know I give kudos to the the
couple who have really done a fantastic
job of marketing the heck out of this
thing I give them credit for creating
something that other people could sell I
think that solved a problem for a lot of
people but I I do think like I said
there's lots of pros and cons like we've
said so we'd love to know your thoughts
below notice that we've pinned a comment
below this video and we'd love to hear
your input thank you so much for
watching today if you found this YouTube
video valuable if you enjoyed this
podcast and you want to learn more about
making money online building your
following and just digital marketing
make sure to subscribe because a lot of
people find this podcast like you said
earlier from searching and you don't
even realize that you haven't subscribed
so make sure to subscribe so you can get
more content just like this every single
week and you can learn the actual steps
to building a business on social media
and making money online alright guys
we'll see you soon and as always happy
networking
[Music]
thank you